How has your relationship changed over the years since becoming husband and wife?
Now because we are in here due to cutbacks
so it's definitely more confined you definitely have to and
Figure out ways to do things that perhaps you would do outside and
Work away around it so you can do similar things inside like we have every
once a week now we have a date night and
We will do it in this living room. We will watch a film and
Some nights will get popcorn some nights will get takeaway and
That's how because we can't go anywhere for a meal or to the audience. That's how we've worked around it
Because we've had to because we did start to go into a black hole a bit in here and
and
It could easily happen again, and I'm trying to fight so hard to stop that from happening
Being able to be together and to be able to and
More of each other support each other more often and also just not being on a time constraint
just being able to
Hold each other and you know like before we were married you know I mean
There was never that opportunity to sort of just have a like you know a rest in the morning together after waking up
What's the worst thing about being married?
Snoring
And we killed him the first time we were together